such
and
to
ah
good this here in international mission
the autoshow we have seen many
releases shares what I have is
lexus obviously they have stayed with
a great piece of what this great fair
In New York
Well, I can tell you half, we're going to
bring us good news for port
rich this back and before that
end the year we will be adding
to the line that is already exciting
that is, four models plus the four
models will be distributed among the
three brands there is a toyota and lexus
we had the opportunity to see the rx
new that will come more or less to
November we saw in the execution version of
what is going to be the aris in port
rich is one of the models that in
we actually well well we are
waiting with great anxiety because this I
I think it's going to add to the line
toyota something that he needs above all
in this effective segment and in one touch
special
the complement of what someone is
updated modern and without a doubt
he does not lose even though he has the sayo mark
does not lose a characteristic of what
distinguishes jacques no no I think what
that we are after two years of no
keep it in Puerto Rico or that is
the improvements they have made to the
product the truth that they get them almost from
what is a compact could not
confused with a compact car the
level of technology that this has
gurises that is going to have the car
I think he's going to do it or he's going to
doing very well will do something right
positive for the brand as such is
important also to point out and underline what
what is happening with lexis the fact with
its characteristic that distinguishes in its
grill
and has liked many people and how
which has been the signature of what is the
very good success lexus or if you notice
within luxury it has also become
in a brand at least in terms of
design something that looks like fun
of the car within the sports
within the luxurious can achieve a
perfect combination be balanced then
what is the impression of the brand on
everything in the luxury segment and those that
they presented here level 20 much more
tall
I imagine there is very good news or if
from the TV I think this one
the recent launch 90 days ago
the enee if not that it has been
empowered of that segment of the market is
has become almost the favorite within
of the lexus line very well in case of
toyota here we have to say that
finally we see a free reform
and we are celebrating it and we saw it
we play in sections and it's fabulous
converts the raf with the arrival of the
rafa becomes model number 8
or of the hybrid models in Toyota
a prius camby line is made that
there is already highlander that already has its
hybrid version this to ball that has
its hybrid version so basically
complete monkey or with the arrival of the
reason possibility hybrid presence in
All market segments are
It is also something that I also think
what
to the toyota line suits you and it
We are offering the customer different
alternatives that are affordable to your
pocket and at the same time those who
they are interested in
in Vido has the technology for
have the opportunity to see it in
different in different models well this
it's many thanks for sharing with
we thank you for coming and
obviously continue to enjoy more of
photos that are being presented here in
I live pr.com and the alliance with the
metro newspaper will not be until next time